the women are looking at a bouquet of flower
The man does not have any gear on .
A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk .
Some kids playing with a raft .
A couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat .
A couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something .
The person is walking outside .
A man is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset
A boy is playing in the grass .
A woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock .
A man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant .
A human standing .
A man wearing a sweater inside
A woman is using an umbrella .
A group of people standing around waiting for a bus .
A man has dropped a ball .
There is a girl outdoors .
The black dog has a red toy .
The building is old .
The man is playing a saxophone .
A matching couple get wet .
The man is wearing a jacket .
Two people sign copies of books .
People carrying bikes .
An older man is outdoors
The man is wearing white pants .
A child is playing in the sand .
People are taking a picture
Kids share a drink .
The dog is taking a nap at the park .
A gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she had n't been attending her lessons .
Two children are on a rug .
Men are selling hotdogs on the sidewalk .
A girl plays guitar and sings on stage .
Three people are riding horses across a course .
Two men wrestle in uniform .
A man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them .
The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white .
Two dogs are sleeping by the fireplace .
A boy has a yellow balloon .
A child doing homework .
The woman is a professional photographer
A guy wears a shirt on a bike .
A woman is standing and looking at a book .
The football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff .
Two men are fighting each other to the death .
The people are attending an outdoor art festival .
An animal is in water
A dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
The motorcyclist is in the air